Update mcad kuberay example (#617)
project-codeflare/multi-cluster-app-dispatcher: doc/usage/examples/kuberay/kuberay-mcad.md

#### Prerequisites

- Kubernetes(see [KinD](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/)) or Openshift cluster(see [OpenShift Local](https://developers.redhat.com/products/openshift-local/overview))
- Kubernetes client tools such as [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/) or [OpenShift CLI](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/cli_reference/openshift_cli/getting-started-cli.html)
- [Helm](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/)
- Install a stable MCAD release on your Kubernetes cluster using helm
    ```bash

>     git clone https://github.com/project-codeflare/multi-cluster-app-dispatcher

Reviewer: Should this be geared towards the operator instead of the helm charts?

Author: We can add  the ODH [quick start](https://github.com/opendatahub-io/distributed-workloads/blob/main/Quick-Start.md) for Openshift. 
Reason for keeping KInD is:
1. This doc is linked by Kuberay guide. The Kuberay community uses KinD in the other [integration guides](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay#kuberay-ecosystem).
2. We don't have our operator  on the [operatorhub](https://operatorhub.io/),  installing with helm  is simple.

Reviewer: Sounds good

#### Prerequisites

> - Kubernetes(see [KinD](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/)) or Openshift cluster(see [OpenShift Local](https://developers.redhat.com/products/openshift-local/overview))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Kubernetes(see [KinD](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/)) or Openshift cluster(see [OpenShift Local](https://developers.redhat.com/products/openshift-local/overview))
```

- Install MCAD and KubeRay operators:
    - KinD cluster:

        Install the stable release of MCAD opeartor from local charts
        ```bash
        git clone https://github.com/project-codeflare/multi-cluster-app-dispatcher
        cd multi-cluster-app-dispatcher
        helm install mcad --set image.repository=quay.io/project-codeflare/mcad-controller --set image.tag=stable deployment/mcad-controller
        ```

        Make sure MCAD has clusterrole to create ray resources, please patch using [xqueuejob-controller.yaml](doc/usage/examples/kuberay/config/xqueuejob-controller.yaml). For example:
        ```
        kubectl apply -f doc/usage/examples/kuberay/config/xqueuejob-controller.yaml
        ```

        See [deployment.md](../../../../doc/deploy/deployment.md) for more options.

        Install kuberay operator using the [instructions](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay#quick-start). For example, install kuberay v0.6.0 from remote helm repo:
        ```
        helm repo add kuberay https://ray-project.github.io/kuberay-helm/
        helm install kuberay-operator kuberay/kuberay-operator --version 0.6.0
        ```

    - OpenShift cluster:

>         MCAD and KubeRay Operators are part of the CodeFlare stack which provides a simple, user-friendly abstraction for scaling,
> queuing and resource management of distributed AI/ML and Python workloads. Please follow the `Distributed Workloads` [Quick-Start](https://github.com/opendatahub-io/distributed-workloads/blob/main/Quick-Start.md) for installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        On OpenShift,  MCAD and KubeRay are already part of the Open Data Hub Distributed Workload Stack. The stack provides a simple, user-friendly abstraction for scaling, queuing and resource management of distributed AI/ML and Python workloads. Please follow the Quick Start in the [Distributed Workloads](https://github.com/opendatahub-io/distributed-workloads) for installation.
```
